KIERA:
Previously on Continuum...
We need to work together
because I'm the guy holding
your golden ticket.
What happens with you?
You made your choice.
You chose you.
I'm reprogramming it.
Will it work?
That's the question
I'm afraid to ask myself.
Somewhere
in time, the Traveler
changed something.
CURTIS: His future ceased
to exist. A moment is coming.
A chance to repair everything.
ALEC: Brad's here,
I think he's here
for the key.
It's nothing personal,
but I've got a deadline.
Give me Kellog.
I'll come for you.
The plan moves ahead.
I promise.
(GUN CHARGING)
(GUN FIRING)
Time's up.
(EXPLOSION)
(SIRENS)
Nora gave us approval
to hit them hard.
We've got eyes on
the building but they
haven't made a move.
They won't.
They can't.
When's your team going in?
Well, we're gearing up now.
I know I can't stop you.
I don't want to.
But I need to ask
one last favor.
Please. Give me
a head start before
you launch your assault.
(FOOTSTEPS)
What are you doing?
Making a tsunami.
Ah. Don't worry about it.
Okay. I won't.
Time to go.
That has multiple meanings
at this point.
Those officers, Travis,
they died trying to
prevent what Kellog's
army is about to do.
The least we can do
is finish the job.
You know, even if I figured
out a way to send you
forward in time,
I'm still not entirely
sure which future I'll
be sending you to.
Odds are it'll be
linked to Kellog's
dark future, which,
if we don't stop him now,
it could be a very nasty
place in sixty years.
But if there's even the
slightest chance that
I can be with Sam again,
I'm willing to risk
everything.
Okay.
Let's go risk everything.
ljust hope it's not too late.
(SIRENS)
This cost us
two good marines.
It cost a lot more
than that.
(PORTAL POWERING UP)
Once we send the pulse signal
to our future and tether,
we will be locked.
When that happens,
you only have 90 minutes
to get everyone through
before the tether
degrades completely.
Is that gonna be enough?
There's only one way
to find out.
Do it.
Tether is locked.
The clock's running.
ZORIN: Open the portal.
(ENERGY BEAMS POWERING UP)
Turn it off!
(SCREAMING)
What the hell
happened,Zonn?
I don't know,
I... What happened?
The key's been shorted.
Fix it, now.
The tether is holding,
but the clock's still running.
Grimes, I'm sorry.
Sorry? I just lost good men.
Men you'll miss unless we get
this portal back online.
Where's Marcellus?
ZORIN: He didn't make it.
GRIMES: Are you kidding me?
We need to get this portal
open again quickly
or the only thing coming
through will be enemy.
(GROANING)
That's for the best.
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
I guess we're
eating in tonight.
You know, when I first
came to this timeline,
I thought that having it all
was within my grasp.
But when I really
thought about it,
not having something
to fight for...
Someone to fight for.
Well, it all seemsjust a
little unsatisfying.
I'm guessing
the other me,
the future me,
he found something
or someone
worth fighting for.
Well, based on the shaking
floors and walls,
I'm guessing you
fired up your machine.
Yes, we did.
So uh, that's it, I guess
we're all done here.
Not yet.
We're having a small problem
with one of our key
components.
Now, you wouldn't happen
to know if, uh...
Cameron or Sadler
sabotaged it?
I wouldn't put it
past them.
Hmm.
Are you doing all right, sir?
Well, you know,
while I certainly
appreciate the degree
to which you made efforts
to get me out of
the police station,
| just can't help
but feel I moved from
one cell to another.
This is for your safety.
You mean me, or other me?
At this point,
what happens to you
happens with him.
Our times are tethered now,
which means any changes
in this moment
would ripple into our future.
Your safety is paramount.
Hey, well, I feel
better already.
(DOOR CLOSES)
So when geriatric
me arrives,
what happens to me, me?
What with the whole
kidney failure situation
and everything.
You were very specific.
Before we left, you issued
strict protocols regarding
how to deal with you.
You were to be treated
in a manner befitting
your importance.
But that's a sliding
scale, isn't it?
Important now,
liability later.
It's not like that.
But let's say he decides
to come here.
Our times are linked by
that machine out there.
That means no new timeline.
That means a paradox.
l have a little experience
with paradoxes.
I lost my grandmother
to one in 2012.
l have no idea what
you're talking about.
Has anyone ever told you
that you're a terrible liar?
(SIRENS)
You got your head start.
I'll be 30 minutes behind you.
Thank you.
You know, as much as
you've screwed up my life
and myjob and,
well, my understanding
of everything,
I hate to admit it but I
wouldn't change a damn thing.
You reminded me
of what's important.
What being a protector
really means.
There's a lot to fix
in this time, you know.
You could stay and
we could work together.
Guarantee your future
neverhappened.
That's what
I'm counting on.
With or without me,
that's exactly what you
and Alec are going to do.
(SlGHS)
You know, lwanna...
I wanna help you,
but I also don't
want to lose you.
You've always been
there for me.
I always will.
I know.
(CARLOS SlGHS)
Okay.
(KIERA CHUCKLES)
Don't make me regret
getting all emotional.
Get out of here.
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
You're a good man.
You ready?
Yeah.
What the hell
happened in there?
I know you and Carlos are
covering for Travis.
I need to know why.
I've wanted to tell you.
Before now.
But I think it's better
if I show you.
(CLICKS)
I don't understand.
Me, Travis, Liber8, Kellog
and his army...
We're from the future.
I'm trying to get back
to the year 2077.
We came here
to change history.
To make a better world,
and today it's
all on the line.
You're not kidding.
We could use
a good man like you.
Can I get you a glass?
No, thank you.
Save it.
Sounds ominous.
(SIGHS)
I know what
you're trying to do.
What am I trying to do?
You're trying to talk me into
letting you out of here
or giving you
information you want.
No.
Yeah.
Whatever.
But it's bigger than that.
And it involves
a certain you.
You're wasting your time.
In this case,
I think I'm using
what's left of it wisely.
Consider this:
why have an old,
sick Kellog leading you
when you can have a young
and vital Kellog?
Sure, he needs to get up
to speed, but together
they can accomplish this.
She will always be by
his side as his queen
and rule their new
empire together.
| see love in there.
You have feelings for me.
But we can never
be together.
NeveL
(GASPS)
(LABORED BREATHING)
lfyou had just listened
to me, believed in me,
we could have had something.
(GASPING)
I could...
I could never...
Why? Am I that repulsive?
You're... My...
Father...
Of course I am.
Thank you, Jason.
So this is it.
This is really it?
No second thoughts,
no turning back?
Jason, you can
come with me.
You can go home, too.
No, it's too much.
It's too late.
I've been here too long.
No, this is my home now.
(STAMMERING) I still have
some work to do.
Okay.
lfyou manage to make
it back to 2077,
give this to my father.
There are some things
I needed to say to him,
to you, that I never had
a chance to before I left.
IwiII.
All right, it's time.
Let's hope Kellog holds up
his end of the bargain.
Goodbye, Jason.
Bye.
(DOOR OPENS)
(DOOR CLOSES)
You all right?
Where is he?
He's close. How's our
arrangement looking?
She'll show,
I know it.
My demands.
Let's go.
(PHONE RINGS)
This better
be you, Kellog.
Game on, protector.
Head for the northeast door.
You need to move quickly.
ZORIN: How are we doing
on that key?
Getting there.
Every minute
costs us lives.
Did Marcellus know?
Did Marcellus know what?
That this was an invasion.
What are you talking about?
Oh, come on.
Just tell me.
I want to know
if he lied to me
or ifyou kept him
in the dark, too.
All right.
I suppose it doesn't make
a difference now.
Yeah, Marcellus knew.
It was his idea to convince
you otherwise.
He knew the first minute we
arrived, you went soft.
l betrayed people
thinking this was the
only way to save families!
Nothing's changed, Tonkin.
We're still saving families.
Ours.
Kiera?
Yeah?
You saved me.
What are you
talking about?
We all go through life
thinking we know how
it's gonna turn out.
We imagine ourfuture,
we make moves
and decisions that
lead us in that direction.
But you changed
that for me.
You gave me knowledge
of what would be.
The life that l was
supposed to have,
the future that I built
that you came from.
A profound regret
is what you spared me.
I don't think I'll ever be
able to thank you enough.
Alec.
The simple fact that you want
to change is all the thanks
I will ever need.
I won't let you down.
I know.
We don't have much time.
Go.
Zorin says they're close
to opening the portal.
And you should
know they brought
through reinforcements.
How many?
Three.
Carlos and the VPD will be
hitting this place any minute.
Your security team
needs to do its thing
and draw the soldiers
into a two-front fight.
Zack.
l'll prepare them.
I'm a man of my word.
Not really.
Alec, what do you need?
Access to the machine.
I'll need at least 30 seconds
at the panel, assuming
it's straightforward.
You know I've always been
an admirer of yours.
Women like you
are rare in any time.
Past, present or future.
Whatever happens in there,
I'll always know I met my
match in Kiera Cameron.
Wow. Thank you.
Don't... Don't you have
anything nice you wanna
say about me?
Not really.
I'm going to go
to the portal room,
do some recon.
You stay here.
I'll be back.
(DOOR CLOSES)
CARLOS: Let's get somebody
on the north and south,
we'll need eyes on this
entrance as well.
Get eyes over here, let me
know if you see any movement.
We arrested him trying to get
through our perimeter.
Says he knows you?
Yeah, it's all good,
cut him loose. What are
you doing here?
Warning you.
I wanted to warn you.
Kiera, Alec...
Those two of ours are inside.
l'll brief the squad.
But there's something else.
The machine in there
is essentially an anti-matter
fusion bomb.
Once those guns start
firing, you could set off
a chain reaction explosion.
What kind of damage
are we talking about?
Worst-case scenario...
Half the city.
ALEC: lronic.
What's that?
This is near where you killed
Lucas in cold blood.
That was different.
KIERA: I don't see how.
You made your choice,
now you live with it.
Things aren't always
black and white, Kiera.
You of all people
should know that.
Oh, that's right.
You're either fighting for an
idea that's bigger than you,
or you're fighting
for yourself.
Which is it?
I'm not sure.
lam. You're conflicted, Brad.
You want clarity,
and clarity is a luxury
in this business.
Time travel screws with
our notions about what's
supposed to happen.
It gives us a false
sense of control,
but really, we're all
just pawns.
And all this?
This is to keep
the darkness at bay.
And you of all people
should understand that.
Marcellus lied to me.
He told me we were
building a portal to rescue
our brothers and sisters
from an oncoming massacre,
but it's a full-scale
invasion.
They want to bring the war
to this time and win it
before it even starts.
Audacious.
This whole thing is insane.
So what do you want
to do about it?
I want to prevent
more suffering.
Brad's right.
Mission priority:
destroy the machine
and the portal.
What? What about you?
If it's my time, we'll find
out one way or another.
But either way,
change of plans.
(PHONE RINGING)
Carlos?
What are we looking at?
Piron security's
gonnaletusin.
The northwest door.
My guys will go through
their machine room
and hit them from
the other side.
Copy, northwest door.
Hey, Kiera,
do we trust Kellog?
I'm not sure.
Good luck, Carlos.
Well, that's my cue.
I like to leave before
the shooting starts,
as you know.
Goodbye, Kiera.
It's been...
Well... Never mind.
Sir, I'm here to
offer my services,
limited as they are.
Bradley, let me see
your firearm please.
We can use every cop
we can get.
(COCKS GUN)
Gentlemen.
(GRUNTS)
So how long have
you known about Kiera?
Long enough.
Probably should have
told you sooner.
We only would have
screwed lt up.
(SIGHS) lwasn't
ready to listen.
Where the hell
have you been?
Vasquez is dead.
What?
And Kellog?
I don't know. He's
not where he should be.
If something happens to him,
this was all for nothing.
Yeah, I know.
Grimes, get your
people ready.
Somebody find Kellog.
I'm on it.
We can't open the portal
without all of them.
I know.
We need to buy
ourselves some time.
You know what to do.
What are they up to?
I don't know,
but I don't like
the looks of it.
Okay, there's Carlos.
Okay, remember, do not
hit the machine.
Where are your men?
There.
All right.
Here we go.
We have contact!
Oh, shit.
This is VPD! Put your weapons
down and lay face down
with your hands on the floor!
Now!
Weaver?
(THUD)
Oh, no.
What the...
Now!
Take cover!
(GUNFIRE)
The Piron guards
aren't shooting.
I know! I don't get it.
Why aren't your men firing?
Orders, sir.
Whose orders?
Mr. Kellog's orders.
We need to bring
in the others.
Tether's holding.
But even if I can fix the key,
we need that power canister.
(GUNFIRE)
(SCREAMING)
No.
Kellog!
You were right.
Predictable to a fault.
(COUGHING)
I got eyes on Kellog!
How do | get to his position?
It's not on the
blueprints that l have.
There's a utility corridor
that runs underneath
the south wall.
Follow me.
Bradley, hold this position
as long as you can.
Let's go!
Back up, back up!
(GUNFIRE CONTINUES)
We gotta go, now!
Back up, Kellog.
What are you doing?
What do you think you're
doing, Cameron?
I think you don't want
anything to happen
to your supreme leader
that might ripple
into the future.
(GUNFIRE CONTINUES)
Get out of my way, Curtis.
Someone's gotta put
a stop to this.
You've never wavered,
Jasmine.
Never stopped
fighting for the cause.
You're so focused
you haven't noticed that
you're already victorious.
That might be so,
but I'm not going to let you
or anyone else risk the lives
of everyone in this timeline
so that Kellog can screw
us all over.
Kellog has his own path
that he must take.
Neither you nor I
can change that.
I don't remember being your
hostage as part of our deal.
And I don't recall you
mentioning your plan to
time travel using the portal.
What?
Why would he do that?
Because he knows
he's screwed.
In this time, and in the one
that you come from.
He's got nowhere
to go but backwards.
You have been playing both
sides since the beginning.
That's right.
So why should
I trust you?
Because I think you want
what's best for the protector
as much as I do.
She left 2077
against her own will
and she's done more to change
the future than Liber8
could have ever done.
At the end of the day,
she is our best weapon.
Backwards? What are
you talking about?
You wait under that bridge for
all of us to arrive from 2077
and then you kill everyone.
You're insane.
No.
Because then you start out
with a clean slate
andinﬂuence
a young man in a barn.
Well, now we can get
down to business.
You, fix the key.
Now.
I'll kill him, right now.
Will you? 'Cause I don't
think you will.
I think you need that portal
open just as much as I do.
I think you could have raided
this place days ago,
but you didn't.
You needed us to fix
that machine.
You sabotaged
that key to stall us.
Why?
So you could use
the portal for yourself.
(GUNFIRE)
(SCREAMS)
MAN: Get down, get down!
(GUNFIRE CONTINUES)
Give him the key.
(MUFFLED GUNFIRE)
Take it.
FiX it.
Weaver?
MAN: Let's move!
(GUNFIRE CONTINUES)
Let's move!
MAN 1: Go!
MAN 2: Go, go!
Fix it.
I'm trying.
Faster.
I'm trying!
The clock's ticking.
What is he doing?
He's bringing his army.
Done.
Thank you.
We have to stop them!
Weaver, take the kid.
This invasion starts now.
(GRUNTING)
(GUN SHOT)
Carlos!
Gun! Gun!
Kill everyone!
(GUNFIRE)
(GRUNTS)
(GUN SHOTS)
(GUNSHOT)
(GRUNTS)
(GASPS)
Weaver!
(PORTAL POWERS UP)
(WHIRRING)
(GUNSHOT)
(GROANS)
(GUNSHOTS)
(GRUNTS)
Dillon!
I choose me!
KeHog,no!
(GRUNTS)
No!
Kiera, the portal is
collapsing.
Kellog destroyed that future
when he went through.
You're gonna be okay,
we're gonna get you
out of here, Jack.
It's now or never.
Listen to the kid.
Kiera?
Kiera, please.
No.
ALEC: Kiera, please.
You don't have
to say anything.
I know.
l'll build you
a better future.
I'll do it for you,
Kiera Cameron.
Thank you.
We gotta clear
out of here.
Everyone, fall back!
Fall back!
CARLOS: It's a shame to lose
Dillon and all those officers.
For what?
ls Kiera dead?
Alec?
She might not be.
The machine was
tethered to my future.
The future that was
destroyed the moment
Kellog went through,
allowing the traveler to
return to his own time.
What the hell
happened to Kiera?
There's no way to know.
It might be another 60 years
before we figure it out.
Look, what we do
with this is up to us.
All of us.
We have a chance to build
something better.
ForheL
No, except we're screwed.
Kellog stepped through.
Kiera had the notion
that Kellog would try
something like this.
We used Piron's equipment to
program Kiera's time ball.
By allowing us to have
access to his system,
Kellog thought he could learn
how to program his time ball,
but instead itjust
allowed us to feed him
the wrong information
regarding how to select dates,
which apparently he assumed
was genuine.
He might have thought he was
going back to the day that
Kiera and Liber8 arrived.
But he didn't.
No.
So where...
When did he go?
(SIGHS)
(INSECTS BUZZING)
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
(SOFTLY) Oh, my God.
Oh, that little shit.
No.
(GRUNTS) No.
What does this mean?
I'm not sure what
you're talking about.
Liber8 won.
What's Liber8?
No, wait.
I remember
the stories now.
Uncle Julian used
to tell me
about his younger
days protesting the
old corporations.
A barbaric and uncivilized age
by all accounts.
But you would know that,
wouldn't you?
You would have
known him then.
Kiera?
OLDER ALEC: I missed it!
I didn't want to miss it!
I warned you, Alec.
I warned you, but as usual
you don't listen.
It worked.
I've been waiting
for you, Kiera.
For 60 years I didn't know
ifyou died that day
in the portal.
That, that's right, it's me.
The same one you left
just a second ago,
from your perspective.
Alec?
Oh, Alec!
(BOTH SOBBlNG)
I know, you were
just with me!
This is so strange.
Imagine what it's
like for me.
You did it.
Sam?
Is he here?
I'll take you to him.
(SOBS)
Emily lobbied City Hall for
that before she passed.
You were together?
Every day until the end.
PoHce?
Not CPS?
CPS never formed.
There was no collapse,
no uprising, no revolution.
No corporate congress.
And no corporate congress.
Julian and Edouard
and I saw to that.
Amazing.
It's because
of you, Kiera.
And Sam?
Sam's over there. See?
Sam.
OLDER ALEC: I set the time
coordinates as close as
I could to the year you left.
I knew you'd have some
adjustments to make.
You're not angry?
No, how could I be?
You've given me
the greatest gift.
l have to see him.
You made
a better world, Kiera.
What?
VVethoughtyou
died that day.
Carlos, Julian and l
dedicated ourselves to
building a better future.
And we steered civilization,
inspired by your sacrifice.
KIERA: But Sam?
OLDER ALEC: This is the price
for making the world
a better place.
This Sam will grow up in a
world free of violence,
free of revolution,
free of corruption.
His future is bright.
And it's because
of you, Kiera.
That's the price of love.
(SOBBING)
Real love.
You'll understand. In time.